alright so in order to buy pucks you
have to go on to ebay or a private sale
with somebody who is selling them so I
have a good amount of pucks for sale I
am currently selling 500 thousand of
them for just $25 the going rate is a
hundred thousand bucks for ten dollars
I'm going to try and do that after I
sell this 500k so you go to ebay what
you can do as you can see that you just
simply have an ebay account you place a
bit for the 25 now I made the Buy Now
for 60 like I said the actual going rate
is a 100k you can get for ten dollars
now there is lots of different results
for HUD pucks if you go into ebay and
search this top one here it's ending in
about a day and this person is currently
making $41 seven people are bidding on
it and he is also selling 500,000 bucks
so if you want to sell your pucks and
actually make money this is a good way
to do it if you want to be able to build
your team and you know you don't feel
like playing games or buying and selling
stuff like I basically have done in all
of my other videos that is a good option
now I did find this here which is a
conversion rate of microsoft points now
this is the most expensive pack you can
actually buy this is like the third gold
one now this caused 280 microsoft points
just focus the camera there now that is
going to be an equivalent of basically
three dollars well actually a little bit
more than three dollars because you get
to 40 for three dollars so who knows
what you actually get in that pack as
well so if you wanted to actually buy
and sell the actual stuff that you want
like for instance you
want that Crosby you wanted to get that
Ovechkin something of that nature the
best way to do it is buying it off of
ebay if you wanted to actually make some
money and sell your collection off of
ebay I highly recommend that you do what
I just have done alright thanks for
watching